Breakout Documentation (#51)
DavidXanatos/sandboxie-docs: Content/BreakoutProcess.md

> # Break Out

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# BreakoutProcess
```

> _BreakOut_ is a sandbox setting in [Sandboxie Ini](SandboxieIni.md). It specifies which apps shall run unsandboxed when launched within the sandbox. A combination of this and _ForceProcess_ allows for a simple priority system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_BreakoutProcess_  is a sandbox setting in [Sandboxie Ini](SandboxieIni.md) available only for certified project supporters since v1.0.8 / 5.55.8. It specifies which apps shall run unsandboxed when launched within the sandbox. A combination of this and _ForceProcess_ allows for a simple priority system.
```
